feat: add jsr.json JSON schema and docs about configuring JSR (#198)
jsr-io/jsr: frontend/docs/configuration.md

---
title: Configuring JSR
description: Learn about configuring JSR.
---

> The JSR config file is a subset of the
> [`deno.json`](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/manual/getting_started/configuration_file)
> config file which supports both `.json` and `.jsonc` extensions. You must have
> either a JSR or a Deno config file to publish a package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSR config file should be named `jsr.json`, and supports both `.json` and `.jsonc` extensions. When using Deno, all configuration JSR related configuration properties can instead be placed in the [`deno.json`](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/manual/getting_started/configuration_file). To publish a package, either a `jsr.json`, or `deno.json` file must be present in the package.
```
